how I built a website that generates 4
million visitors every month I've been
running a high traffic website for a
while but it wasn't always that way
when I first started out boosting
traffic was a tricky problem that
required a ton of trial and error I had
to be creative follow Trends closely and
execute my strategies at exactly the
right time and now I generate tons of
traffic 4 million visitors every single
month in fact and that traffic gets
turned into meaningful leads that drive
major Roi for my agency so how do I do
it the answer probably isn't what you
think here's what I did to make those 4
million visitors head my way I doubled
down on focusing on long tail keywords
now I know what you're thinking
shouldn't I keep focusing on finding new
keywords that drive new traffic the
answer is yes
all I do is this find keywords that
already rank for even ones that seem
like they're on the smaller side and I
find long tail variations that are worth
going after according to think with
Google the long tail could provide an
untapped opportunity to connect with
potential customers invest in these
areas and see volumes grow but what are
long tail keywords long tail keywords
are highly targeted search phrases that
specifically serve the searcher's intent
these keywords typically have low search
volume low competition and high
conversion rates and they usually
contain at least three if not four words
within the query
here's why I love focusing on reason one
they're easier to rank for why because
long tail keywords communicate a clear
need on behalf of your customer and
they're less competitive because most
people don't want to go after them over
70 percent of search queries are for
long tail keywords just to give you a
rough idea reason two they're less
competitive at my Ad Agency NP digital
we do SEO for companies of all sizes
smbs and even large Enterprises we have
an SMB division called NPD accelerate
and at our agency we've seen a trend it
takes less work to rank for long tail
keywords and you see results much
quicker depending on how old the website
is how much Authority it has typically
we're seeing results for long tail
keywords two to three times faster than
people going after our head terms reason
three it's less expensive than
pay-per-click advertising look if you're
using Google ads long tail keywords can
help you get a bigger bang for your buck
searches a five or four more words
account for almost 25 percent of all
impressions
reason 4 optimize for semantic voice
search 55 of Millennials use voice
search daily
Reason 5 it's easy to create how-to
content strategies with long tail
keywords you can just try Uber says with
this so how is it that you can go out
there and find these long tail keywords
where there's two main tools that you
can use and they both have free plans so
the first is go to answer the public
type in any keyword that you want to go
after it'll tell you all the questions
people are asking a lot of these are new
long tail keywords that people haven't
been focusing on before and they're not
that competitive they're getting traffic
they're popular it's getting pulled from
Google suggests which is what Google is
suggesting that are popular terms
related to that main term that you just
typed in when using answer public the
term you want to type in is UE one or
two word phrases like marketing or
digital marketing and answer the public
will give you all these long tail
variations the other tool is Uber says
if you go to ubersodes.com and type in a
keyword it'll give you all these keyword
ideas and for some of these keywords
it'll give you up to literally I kid you
not a million other long tail phrases
that you can go after that are related
to that main keyword
now if you need help with your long tail
SEO strategy or advertising strategy
check out my Ad Agency NP digital if you
enjoyed this video like it share it tell
the people about it if you have any
questions leave a comment below I'm here
to answer them and help you out